# FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 

## Decred Adds First Intelligent Proposal System to Advance Blockchain Governance

***System Powered by Politeia, a Standalone Tool for Storing Off-Chain Data That Is Both Versioned and Timestamped for Broader Use in Record Storage, Identity Systems, Supply Chains***

Chicago, IL October 26, 2017—Decred, an autonomous digital currency, has launched the first intelligent blockchain proposal system. Powered by Politeia, a standalone tool for off-chain data storage, the system sets a new standard for blockchain governance, allowing anyone in the community to submit a formal proposal that will be timestamped and versioned in an off-chain repository. The launch comes on the heels of Decred's announcement of atomic swaps, a methodology to allow for ad hoc transactions outside the centralized exchanges.

"Decred has been setting a new standard as one of the most progressive blockchain projects," said noted Bitcoin developer, Jimmy Song. "Their proposal system arrives at a time when the industry could benefit from the openness and formalization that Decred is promoting. I look forward to the exciting projects that will come from this system. I am also eager to see how competing blockchains will rise to the occasion." 

"We are more committed than ever to a sustainable and fair system of governance," said Jake Yocom-Piatt, Decred Project Lead. "For Decred, Politeia will provide an off-chain public record of proposals, comments on proposals, and stakeholder votes. Although Decred will be using Politeia in a public capacity, it can provide similar utility as a private unalterable store of data. Public and private use-cases include document and record storage, reputation and identity systems, and supply chains."

Users should note that while Politeia can be used without holding any Decred, it does depend on using a dcrtime server for creating timestamps. A more detailed technical brief has been posted on the Decred Blog. 

Users who require additional assistance can talk to the Decred team at:
https://twitter.com/decredproject

### About Decred 

Decred (DCR) is an autonomous digital currency. With a hybrid consensus system, it is built to be a decentralized, sustainable, and self-ruling currency where stakeholders make the rules. Since 2016, Decred has striven to solve blockchain governance. Our innovative consensus voting model empowers stakeholders and allows for the seamless transition from one set of rules to another. Decentralized decision-making and self-funding have enabled us to build a robust, evolving digital currency, free from third-party influence. Our modular codebase offers unique adaptability and can scale to the latest blockchain technology. Decred's technology enabled the world's first successful direct on-chain user-activated consensus vote. This represents a revolutionary approach to stakeholder governance where our community directs the project and makes decisions together. We are community-powered. Stakeholders who participate in Decred's decision-making are rewarded for their efforts. Sustainable funding and a resilient contractor model allow for anyone at any time to join Decred and engage in its governance. Decred's value is in the people who work on it - together we're building the decentralized future we want to see. For more information, visit: www.decred.org

---- 

**MEDIA CONTACT**<br>
Bill Lessard<br>
PRwithBrains for Decred<br>
www.decred.org<br>
wlessard@prwithbrains.com<br>
914.476.6089 - office<br>

**SCHEDULING CONTACT**<br>
Mike Trevino<br>
miket@decred.org<br>
